In this module you will create your project submission.

We'll grade all submissions which didn't receive enough reviews within 10 days manually.

These are the grading criteria:

- From the answer, please judge if the learner has read and understood the documents on the process model and architectural decision guidelines

- Please try to judge if the use case and data set is interesting and challenging enough to be an interesting capstone project

Please watch the video and assign points as described below. For each item you find coverage in the video please assign one point.

Use Case
Data Set
Data Quality Assessment
Data Exploration (e.g. correlation between columns)
Data Visualization (e.g. value distribution of columns)
At least one Feature Engineering (e.g. imputing missing values) applied
Selection and justification of Model Performance Indicator (e.g. F1 score)
At least one traditional Machine Learning Algorithm and one DeepLearning Algorithm applied and demonstrated
Model performance between different feature engineerings and models compared and documented
Please assign one point for each item below which is properly covered in the ADD

Why have I chosen a specific method for data quality assessment?
Why have I chosen a specific method for feature engineering?
Why have I chosen a specific algorithm?
Why have I chosen a specific framework?
Why have I chosen a specific model performance indicator?
Please provide a list of IBM Watson Studio Notebook permalinks GIST to your notebooks you consider as your data product

Learn how to share a GIST of your notebooks

https://github.com/IBM/coursera/wiki/FAQ#how-do-i-share-a-gist-of-my-notebook

Please review the notebooks and assign points according to how many of the following items are properly covered

The notebooks are clearly structured and documented
The notebooks contain visualizations in the data quality assessment steps
The notebooks reveal the overall data processing steps ETL->Feature Engineering->Model Training/Evaluation/Selection->Final Result
The notebooks contain visualizations in the model performance assessment steps
The notebooks show the answers to the questions defined in the Usecase
